Did you know that one day 60 to 100 ha of the friezes and and do you know that I have the
women in her bleaching with Roman times
gatverdamme but what to do or not have thought
Libya
very many women in the netherlands have extensions in the hague
but what is the reason for that, because the child often grows for a long time
from the job but goes well only an inch a month and most
Women have killed not to stock up for extensis or they quickly and only after one
volatile is having from last year or longer than the only driver or are there
other reasons we are not going to do that
that was a few months ago, but there are also all her problems that
I want full and long hair
and a success with solutions then I am sure I see here
lots of stitches
but what I wonder is this really true on synthetic fake hundred
Patients are entitled to projections exclusively from India
With that they leave it on again which means it provides points
In addition, it is also not that means that all are in a hurry
in the same direction, but an Indian woman in a year's black hair
how is it not escaped anymore
in addition, it is opened to the public in italy and processed on the color
Function it was a perfect match a third person we are very many
her clothes i mean i wouldn't know what color i am
how can I find out what color the plague is adjusted to
also an inspection
with the inspection it can be determined exactly that the castle suits the person a
False start to get a great examination of but with its with the colors
it hangs
I have become very curious
no matter how you put this maybe make it yourself even though do the best time
but what can nobody chair buses there?
look okay
he's with it
he is a song understand that you started here on tuesday and i also see it 9
I wonder how exactly it goes I am always turning off year one
beautiful her finger
and
that puts you in the hand of a job that smelters so inc
and that we can go down there in the rotating effect
piece of paper falls in the heart
but I can imagine that using the manual gearbox is not very good for her
in that bad that is not for you
if it started well with the right products
m on time is taken out and a good is used then it is impossible
I am not angry at that myself
very patient person
and maybe more women themselves are also not long journeys
But for the experienced hairdresser may have an eye Christians will emigrate
but of course we also have faster and methods such as the pinball method the EP
extentions m to the rocks
and meanwhile you can have it done on your nails
yes that sounds pretty reasonable to do
and yes it is not the rise but despite this street move
that is not too bad
and of course you pay something for it
I get nice of course in return and you can use it for a long time and for how long
can you still participate
it depends
at your own house
someone with the hague two to three months someone with a normal house three to four
months has someone with Pentecost 3 through five months how long should you have hair
then it's for you to have extra missions set up
that is the centimeter from 15 March 20
and that's pure
that we can cover the wells well
after all luckily I still have a lot of hair but yes I don't exactly too
in a year older and then maybe not so much hair anymore
I am glad that there is a solution for that